.TH "DOT1AG-UTILS" "8" "February 14, 2012" "" "dot1ag-utils 1.0.1"
.\" Copyright (c) 2011. All rights reserved.
.\" See LICENSE for the license.
.SH "NAME"
.LP
.B dot1ag_ccd
\- daemon that sends and receives IEEE 802.1ag CCM PDUs
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
.B dot1ag_ccd
.RB \-i
.IR interface
.RB \-t
.IR ms-interval
.RB \-d
.IR maintenance-domain
.RB \-m
.IR MEPID
.RB \-a
.IR maintenance-association
.RB [ \-v
.IR vid ]
.RB [ \-l
.IR mdlevel ]
.RB [ \-f
.IR facility ]
.RB [ \-V ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The
.B dot1ag_ccd
daemon implements sending and receiving of Continuity Check Messages (CCM).
It acts as a down MEP. It only responds to CCMs in its own
regardless of Maintenance Domain Level, Maintenance Domain Name and
Maintenance Association. If no \-v flag is given, untagged frames
are sent.
.LP
When three consecutive CCM PDUs are lost from a remote MEP, that MEP
is considered down and a syslog entry with priority LOG_CRIT is
sent to the given syslog facility. When a CCM PDU is received from
that MEP again a LOG_INFO syslog message is sent to the given syslog
facility. When the daemon receives a SIGHUP signal, the UP/DOWN
status of all active remote MEPs is sent as LOG_INFO syslog
messages to the given syslog facility. The format of these syslog
messages is:
.LP
mac-address,status,mepid,mdLevel,maintenance_domain,maintenance_association,port_status,interface_status
.LP
e.g.:
.LP
00:1a:a1:cc:d8:99,UP,37,7,domain7,test,PsUP,isUp
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
.B \-i\fI interface (string)
Interface name to receive from, e.g.
.IR eth0 .
.TP
.B \-t\fI CCM interval (number)
Interval in miliseconds between sent CCM PDUs. Supported values (in ms)
are 100, 1000, 10000, 60000, 600000.
.TP
.B \-d\fI Maintenance Domain Name (string)
Maintenance Domain Name. Only strings are supported.
.TP
.B \-m\fI MEP ID (number)
Maintenance Association End Point Identifier. Number in the range
1-8191. All MEPs in the maintenance association should have a
unique ID.
.TP
.B \-a\fI Maintenance Association (string)
Maintenance Association. Only strings are supported.
.TP
.B \-v\fI VLAN ID (number)
Use this IEEE 802.1Q VLAN tag in frames sent. If no
\-v parameter is given, untagged frames are sent.
.TP
.B \-l\fI Maintenance Domain Level (number)
Maintenance Domain Level (0-7). If this flag is absent, MD Level 0
will be used.
.TP
.B \-f\fI syslog facility (string)
Syslog facility for MEP status messages. Supported facilities are
LOG_KERN, LOG_USER, LOG_MAIL, LOG_NEWS, LOG_UUCP, LOG_DAEMON,
LOG_AUTH, LOG_CRON, LOG_LPR, LOG_LOCAL0, LOG_LOCAL1, LOG_LOCAL2,
LOG_LOCAL3, LOG_LOCAL4, LOG_LOCAL5, LOG_LOCAL6, LOG_LOCAL7. These
strings can be given as either upper or lower case. The LOG_ prefix
may be ommited, so "daemon" is acceptable too.
The default facility is LOG_DAEMON.
.TP
.B \-V verbose
Print information about received CCM PDUs on stderr.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
ethping(1), ethtrace(1), dot1agd(8)
